hey guys so today I'm going to show you
my updated packing video for my hobo B
which I've been trying to use a lot more
often because I really want to start
packing lighter and this bag is a lot
lighter and less bulky for me than the
BFF although i still love and use my BFF
so I've been going back and forth trying
to figure out the best way to pack this
and I finally have figured out in my
opinion a pretty good way that works for
me so I'm just going to go ahead and get
started and show you guys how I've been
packing it this side there's a bottle
pocket I have nothing in here currently
but usually when I go out off throw like
a bottle of water for myself and here
which actually fits stretches pretty
wide I just have a passive had connected
on this side to the D ring with to pass
these inside of it I'm here in the front
mommy pocket I have my B major which as
you know is a full size large wallet it
actually sits right in here and I attach
my keys when I'm not home to the key fob
and there's a space because I pushed the
major over that it actually fits right
in there my keys so in the front like I
said the B major in this mesh pocket on
the Left I just half a pack of gum it's
a mesh pocket on the right I just have a
travel Kleenex in this long zippered
pocket in the back of that I just have
my strap my long strap for ib major
which I used to carry crossbody and then
just a tide pen and both these things
just really barely take up any room so
it's working for me so that's the mommy
pocket in the pocket above the mommy
pocket which is the felt or flannel
lined pocket I just keep my phone it's
just the Android and it fits right in
here with room to spare on the back here
there's just a snap closure and I just
keep a package of the hand wipes for my
son and then adjust a travel pack of the
cottonelle wipes for myself I just find
that it's easier for me to keep them
here so I can just literally pull them
out there's no one zipping or anything
if I need to get really quick access to
the white this bottle pocket I just have
my son sippy cup it's an eight ounce
cops nothing currently in it but I just
threw it in there to show you on the
size and everything
I have my custom lot a key fob that was
made by the very talented Andrea
Reynolds on the jujube facebook page or
excuse me she actually has a page called
Bob's by andrea and i absolutely love
the little latte now as far as the main
compartment it's taken me a long time to
get it packed the way that works for me
the best but i actually found the number
one thing for me was i used to use a be
quick and it just was taking up too much
room and making me irritated and just
not liking the way the bag packed so i
actually switched over to a large set
piece which i just got this week i
actually got the whole set of this but
this is a large piece it actually is
large but it's actually smaller than a
quick and it stands up on its own so in
in the large piece I actually have a
disposable changing pad I have to size 5
huggies diapers I have just a travel
diaper rash cream and then i have my
booty pod bag and the booty ipad cover
with the cover is sea glass it's done on
both sides and this is made by Brochu
smith and in the inside and just like I
like this little charm here but you just
unzip the bag and then I have my wife's
in here i have about 15 in there so I'm
loving this so far and I love the fact
that it actually fits in the large set
piece I wasn't sure it was going to make
it but it actually does work so I have
that for my diaper needs here in the
back mesh pocket on the left I have a
custom iconic quick lip which is also
made by Brochu and this was made from my
changing pad for my iconic BFF and i
actually had her put to d rings and the
short strap so i can attach it either
like this or i can take it off and
attach it to carry it like that so it's
really great the zipper is perfect it
matches the lining inside I just keep a
bunch of different snacks and stuff for
my son and it actually holds a lot more
than you would think at one I love the
placement on it it's really cute and it
works perfect for me
so that's in the left pocket in the back
there's a long pocket here that runs the
back of the bag all I have in here is
just a wet bag that's folded this would
also fit in the large set piece that I
decided to keep it in here and just an
extra pair of socks for my son and I
just keep those flat this other pocket
here next to the where I keep the quick
'let I just have my small set piece that
matches my large and I use this like as
a first-aid kit with band-aids and nail
clippers and advil and stuff like that
so that's in the back on the other side
i currently have nothing in this mesh
pocket and in this little zipper pocket
here I just keep the disposable travel I
guess restaurant placemats for when we
go out to eat that stick right to the
table and this is what's working for me
right now I've mentioned before I don't
like when my back's feel too full or
like they're really hard to zipper so
although I could fit more in this bag
this is what's comfortable for me as far
as space I'm going to pack it all up and
show you I do have some an area here
where I can throw some things there's
also kind of on both sides of the large
set piece I have a little bit of room
and obviously here I have room but again
I don't like when my bags particularly
this one is too full where I feel like
the zipper is really struggling to zip
so this is my comfort level of what
works for me I'm not saying it's a
perfect way to pack these but this is
what works for my comforter
comfortability level so this is again
how I'm currently packing my whole movie
I hope it gave you some good ideas
another thing if you have the booty pod
bags they will fit and either a quick or
in the large set piece or you could just
put it in your bag it doesn't have to go
in a pouch so that's how I'm packing
right now I'm going to be doing the
video soon on all my custom pieces that
I have so you'll be able to take a
closer look at them I hope you're all
having a great weekend and we'll talk to
you soon